ALL CHARACTERS AND EVENTS
DEPICTED IN THIS DRAMA ARE FICTITIOUS
EPISODE 14
BLOW YOURSELVES UP WITH THE HOSTAGES BY
MIDNIGHT, OR LIM SU-HUI WILL BE EXECUTED
Who said anything about the agency?
She must bring the money here
for us to ruin their scheme.
That's the only way to save the hostages
and arrest Taedong River 1 and the rest.
Over and out.
Are all Southern bastards
backstabbing sly rats like you,
just as I heard?
Betrayal or not, I still have to do it.
I'm going to arrest you
and make you defect.
Don't get ahead of yourself!
I only joined hands with you to survive.
That doesn't mean I've chosen the South.
But you can't go back anyway
since you're branded a traitor.
I…
Even if I want to, I can never defect
to the South because of Su-hui.
Fine.
I understand.
I really do.
So let's lower our guns.
We can't afford to fight among ourselves.
Don't you agree?
-Captain.
-Yes, sir.
We will blow up the dorm at midnight.
Understood, sir.
Make up some excuse
and kick the reporters out of the campus.
And make it look
like the commies blew themselves up.
Yes, sir.
But if we do that,
the hostage situation will be over.
Should we pay the North right away?
Of course not!
They don't deserve to be paid early.
The payment's supposed to be made
after the election anyway.
Let's take our time.
Put it off as late as possible
to make them anxious.
-As late as possible to make them anxious.
-That's right.
Hello?
It's Choi, sir.
What is it?
Deputy Director Choi Su-ryeon
of the MSS wants to talk to you, sir.
Choi Su-ryeon?
So just trust Kang Cheong-ya and wait?
With that huge amount of money,
she could live a new life
in any country in the world.
A luxurious life, at that.
But we just trust her
to come back to this bomb-rigged dorm?
I mean, do you think
she's an angel?
Or a saint?
Yes,
you're right.
I'm as anxious as you are.
It's hundreds of billions of won.